Hello.
I'm Michael Krasowski from Pluralsight.
I will be presenting the introduction to the course,
Developing Effective Agile Sprint Plans.
There may be one or more reasons why you're taking my course.
Here might be a few: New to agile/sprint planning; familiar,
but ready for more; having sprint planning challenges; looking to
improve; want a deeper understanding of sprint planning,
release planning,
and project planning and how they all interrelate with each other; or you think,
well, maybe agile/sprint just won't work in my environment.
So if you're challenged with creating rapid solid sprint
plans and struggling with mid- sprint issues,
or incomplete work at the end of a sprint,
or even the treatment of bugs and when to apply spikes, well, then this course is for you.